QUS-1 How to create an object in Java?
To create an object in Java, you need to use the new keyword followed by a call to a constructor of the class.

QUS-2 What is the use of a new keyword in Java?
The new keyword is used to create an instance of a class. It allocates memory for the new object and returns 
a reference to that memory. It also invokes the constructor of the class to initialize the object’s fields.

QUS-3 What are the different types of variables in Java?
There are three types of variables in Java: local, instance, and static3.
Local variables are declared inside a method or a block and are only visible within that scope. They do not 
have a default value and must be initialized before use.

Instance variables are declared inside a class but outside a method and are associated with an object of the 
class. They have a default value depending on their data type and can be accessed by any method of the class.

Static variables are declared inside a class with the static keyword and are shared among all the objects of the class. 
They are also known as class variables and are initialized only once when the class is loaded.

QUS-4 What is the difference between instance variable and local variable?
The main difference between instance variable and local variable is that instance variable is a variable that is declared 
in a class but outside a method, while a local variable is a variable declared within a method or a constructor. Moreover,
 instance variables have a default value and can be accessed by any method of the class, while local variables do not have 
 a default value and can be accessed only within the method or block where they are declared

 QUS-5  In which area memory is allocated for instance variable and local variable?
Instance variables are allocated memory in the heap area, while local variables are allocated memory in the stack area

QUS=6 What is method overloading?
Method overloading is a feature of Java that allows a class to have multiple methods with the same name but different 
parameters.